src/Todo.md, before:

Ex: indicate problems found.
Cx: New Code additions (new features)
Rx: Refactoring
Ix: Investigations
Ux: Files not currently used - (possible to remove? - left for now)

As elements are finished - move below Completed

# Errors
    E4. Add Entity not working for any entity - add api code to achieve same
    E6: Delete does not work on any entity
    E10: Foreign key details not display on any entity
        All the data has been captured from the server.
        Redo the columns for these tables
        Re
        Fixtures
            CompetitionID -> name
            HomeTeamID -> name
            AwayTeamID -> name
            Change headers names accordingly

        Events
            FixtureID -> Competition and Opposition
            PlayerID -> Player Surname, Firstname
            EventNamesID -> name
            PitchGridID -> name
            

        Teamsheets
            FixtureID -> Competition and Opposition
            PlayerID -> Player Surname, Firstname
            PositionID -> name


    E11: 
    E12: 
    E13: 

    
# Refactoring
    R1: change to using useAxios and standardise api code layouts
    R2: simplify Grid/form to extract form
    R5:
    R6:
    R7: 

# Investigations
    I1: Can grid be changed to a hook - useGrid? and similarly useForm?
    I2: How to implement - forgotPassword
    I3: Use of Charts ?
    I4: Check if useToken is necessary / if so, can it be included in AuthService?
    I6:

# New Code Additions
    C1: Add Plug and PLay Teamsheet selection
    C2: Add pictures for players
    C3: Add club logos to tables and teamsheets
    C5: 
    C6:
    C7:

# Unused Files
    U1: auth/useUser
    U2: auth/PrivateRoute
    U3: auth/user.service
    U6: 
    U7: 
    U8: 


# In Progress
    E3. Update form not populated with row data
    E5: Tables with foreign key data are not displayed correctly - events, teamsheets, fixtures etc

# Completed

    R3: Build up AuthService to include login/logout/register etc
        moved all the auth related functions into AuthService
    E7: Logout not working
        added code to routes, navbar and AuthService 
    C4: Add Reports MenuDropDownItem (PlayerStats and TeamStats dummy placegHolders for now)
        added code to routes and navbar for same
    R4: Move all references to localStorage to AuthService
        localStorage is used to store User and Token - all part of Authorisation
    E1. Login form appears with LoggedOutNavBar - change behaviour - just show logged out navbar - let user pick what action to take
        extra "/" included in route caused this to occur.
    E2. After login the clubs list appears - change behaviour - as above but showing loggedIn navbar
        window.location was set to CLUB_LIST - changed to "/"
    E8: R4 caused errors
        string passed rather than an object
    E9: After login - systens repeatedly attempts to login - spring continuous streams - browser 
        call to getClubs removed from NavBarSelect. (unclear how this caused the fault!)
    I5: getClubs causes FormDialog to be called 4 times - NOt a problem
        it re-renders each time state is changed, once data is changed it returns.
    U4: auth/LoginSuccess, auth/LoginFailure 
        - deleted - files were empty anyway

Commit message:

Smart-aligned files Fixture Relationships in grid updated

src/Todo.md, after:

Ex: indicate problems found.
Cx: New Code additions (new features)
Rx: Refactoring
Ix: Investigations
Ux: Files not currently used - (possible to remove? - left for now)

As elements are finished - move below Completed

# Errors
    E4. Add Entity not working for any entity - add api code to achieve same
    E6: Delete does not work on any entity
    E10: Foreign key details not display on any entity
        All the data has been captured from the server.
        Redo the columns for these tables
        ...
Fixtures
    CompetitionID -> name
    HomeTeamID -> name
    AwayTeamID -> name
    Change headers names accordingly

        Events
            FixtureID -> Competition and HomeTeam and AwayTeam
            PlayerID -> Player Surname, Firstname
            EventNamesID -> name
            PitchGridID -> name

            Add extra grid columns

        Teamsheets
            FixtureID -> Competition and Opposition
            PlayerID -> Player Surname, Firstname
            PositionID -> name

            Add extra grid columns
        ...

    E11: 
    E12: 
    E13: 

    
# Refactoring
    R1: change to using useAxios and standardise api code layouts
    R2: simplify Grid/form to extract form
    R5:
    R6:
    R7: 

# Investigations
    I1: Can grid be changed to a hook - useGrid? and similarly useForm?
    I2: How to implement - forgotPassword
    I3: Use of Charts ?
    I4: Check if useToken is necessary / if so, can it be included in AuthService?
    I6:

# New Code Additions
    C1: Add Plug and PLay Teamsheet selection
    C2: Add pictures for players
    C3: Add club logos to tables and teamsheets
    C5: 
    C6:
    C7:

# Unused Files
    U1: auth/useUser
    U2: auth/PrivateRoute
    U3: auth/user.service
    U6: 
    U7: 
    U8: 


# In Progress
    E5: Tables with foreign key data are not displayed correctly - events, teamsheets, fixtures etc
    E3. Update form not populated with row data
    
# Completed

    R3: Build up AuthService to include login/logout/register etc
        moved all the auth related functions into AuthService
    E7: Logout not working
        added code to routes, navbar and AuthService 
    C4: Add Reports MenuDropDownItem (PlayerStats and TeamStats dummy placegHolders for now)
        added code to routes and navbar for same
    R4: Move all references to localStorage to AuthService
        localStorage is used to store User and Token - all part of Authorisation
    E1. Login form appears with LoggedOutNavBar - change behaviour - just show logged out navbar - let user pick what action to take
        extra "/" included in route caused this to occur.
    E2. After login the clubs list appears - change behaviour - as above but showing loggedIn navbar
        window.location was set to CLUB_LIST - changed to "/"
    E8: R4 caused errors
        string passed rather than an object
    E9: After login - systens repeatedly attempts to login - spring continuous streams - browser 
        call to getClubs removed from NavBarSelect. (unclear how this caused the fault!)
    I5: getClubs causes FormDialog to be called 4 times - Not a problem
        it re-renders each time state is changed, once data is changed it returns.
    U4: auth/LoginSuccess, auth/LoginFailure 
        - deleted - files were empty anyway
